[Music]
hi I'm Michelle and today I'm going to
show you how to make perfect pancakes
from the Kraft kitchens everybody needs
a foolproof pancake recipe up their
sleeve and this press P makes golden
fluffy pancakes and it works every time
let's get started in my bowl I have 1
cup of flour 2 which I'm going to add 2
tablespoons of sugar 1/2 a teaspoon of
salt and 1 tablespoon of magic baking
powder I'm going to use a whisk to mix
this whisking mixes everything evenly
and actually sift the flour while the
magic baking powder makes these pancakes
nice and fluffy in another Bowl I have
an egg 2 which I'm going to add 1 cup of
milk and 2 tablespoons of oil I'm gonna
whisk these together well once our
mixture is well blended we carefully add
the flour mixture and we mix this until
just blended mixing it until just
blended keeps the batter relaxed so that
our pancakes are tender and not tough
now using a quarter cup of batter per
pancake ladle the mixture into a hot
griddle or skillet that's been sprayed
with cooking spray when you see bubbles
forming on top of your pancakes
you know the underside is golden and
it's time to flip once these are flipped
let them cook for another 1 to 2 minutes
until they're golden brown on the other
side I have 3 kids who each enjoy their
pancakes differently I have one who
loves apricot jam another who loves
crunchy peanut butter and the third is a
purist like me we both love maple syrup
on our pancakes enjoy and for more great
recipe ideas and cooking tips please
visit craft Candida calm
you